        if (val == 'us') {
          this.translateText = { 
            section1h2: 'We believe all of us has a right',
            section1h3: 'A credit score is not just a number; it\'s a lifestyle. We will help you achieve  a good financial lifestyle. <br /> Our company of financial experts  believe we can make a significant change in your life.',
            section1h4: 'Register Now',
            section2col1: 'Achieve financial stability',
            section2col2: 'Increase their ability',
            section2col3: 'Equal opportunities for everything',
            section3h1: 'Our Product and Services we offer you',
            section3h2: 'FINANCIAL EDUCATION SERVICES (FES) PROTECTION PLAN',
            section3title1: 'CREDIT RESTORATION',
            section3title2: 'POSITIVE CREDIT BUILDER',
            section3title3: 'CREDIT ATTORNEY',
            section3title4: 'SMART CREDIT',
            section3title5: 'FES DEBT ZERO',
            section3title6: 'IFE LOCK',
            section3title7: 'FINANCIAL LOCKBOX',
            section3title8: 'VALUE OF LIFE INSURANCE',
            section3title9: 'MYCARE PLAN',
            section3title10: 'WHAT\'S INCLUDED',
            section3title11: 'DISCOUNT SHOPPING',
            section3title12: 'YFL FAMILY MINT',
            section3title13: 'RX DISCOUNT CARD',
            section3desc1: 'Your financial health revolves around your credit score, making it imperative that the information<br /> your credit report contains is as accurate and up-to-date as possible.<br /> Work with our credit experts and proven system to eliminate any inaccurate,<br /> obsolete or erroneous accounts. We\'ll teach you the exact information you need to provide to<br /> the Credit Bureau\'s to use the Fair Credit Reporting Act to your advantage and<br /> dispute the mistaken negative ratings that may be preventing you<br /> from obtaining new credit when you need it most. Lower your interest rates, avoid high late fees,<br /> save money and advance your credit opportunities.',
            section3desc2: 'Understanding how your credit score is calculated and how to read your credit report are the first steps in improving your current standing. Our Credit Education Center offers a wide variety of educational services, credit tips and resources to help you take the necessary steps to enhance your credit score and manage your financial life. Improve your score by identifying the accounts that need immediate attention and why, and understand the impact of the amount of credit you are using.',
            section3desc3: 'We love to help people. We fix people\'s credit reports in a legally and trustworthy manner and fight abusive debt collectors. We turn victims into victors as we step into an otherwise unfair fight started by debt collectors, creditors and credit reporting agencies. We are focused on you and not just your case. Our lawyers and paralegals band together to analyze your case and situation from all angles to bring about the best result in the quickest manner. We will work with you to determine your case eligibility and aim to stop debt harassment & clean up difficult to remove credit report errors from your credit file.',
            section3desc4: 'Manage all your online accounts in one place, integrated with your credit and identity. You can use Action buttons to ask your creditor a question about your account or a transaction. No phone calls or writing letters are necessary. We automatically track and update your account balances, bills coming due and transactions every day. Access your interactive credit report, which is now easy to read, search or find anything quickly, view more or less detail. It also includes your credit score, auto score, insurance score and even a hiring risk index for job seekers. Get alerts to your phone or email that someone opened credit in your name. Then use the Action button to stop the thieves.',
            section3desc5: 'DebtZero is a clear guide on how to more efficiently pay down your debt. Taking into account your debt obligations and interest, the system will show you exactly how to properly allocate your money towards your monthly payments using nothing more than your current income, in order to speed up you debt payoff. Not only will it map out the thousands of dollars you will be saving in interest by paying off your debt significantly earlier than expected, but it will show you the amount of hard earned money you can save by eliminating unnecessary years of interest payments!',
            section3desc6: 'LifeLock uses proprietary technology that searches for potential threats to your identity. If they detect activity using your personal information, you receive an alert, and if you\'re ever victimized by identity theft, a U.S.-Based Identity Restoration specialist will be dedicated to your case.',
            section3desc7: 'If you\'re like most families, one person is generally designated to handle the financial aspects of the household. Or, if you\'re single, you may be the only person who knows the type and location of your financial accounts. What if your loved ones suddenly found themselves in the position of taking over your finances without warning? Would they be able to locate insurance, bank and financial records in the event of an emergency? My Financial Lockbox is an online solution that enables you to store financial data in a single, secure, password-protected location for easy access by you or loved ones that you select and authorize',
            section3desc8: 'Should you pass away unexpectedly, the loss of your financial support may leave a large burden on the shoulders of your loved ones. Life insurance can keep the impact to a minimum by replacing a portion of the lost income and helping to maintain your loved ones current standard of living.',
            section3desc9: 'When it comes to your health and your assets, you\'re used to being in charge. The decisions you make for yourself and your family are important because you know what\'s best for you. unfortunately, in the event that you aren\'t able to speak on behalf of these decisions, someone that doesn\'t understand your wishes can end up making them for you. Without an estate plan in place, these crucial choices regarding YOUR health, YOUR finances, and YOUR family are suddenly out of your control.',
            section3desc10: 'Lost Will<br /> Your Last Will states how you want your assets to be distributed among your heirs upon your death.<br /><br /> Living Trust<br /> What is placed into your living trust can be altered throughout your lifetime, and upon your passing, will be transferred to whomever you appoint as a Trustee.<br /><br /> Health Care Power of Attorney<br /> This document names someone to be your health care agent, sometimes referred to as a representative proxy, or patient advocate.',
            section3desc11: 'Simply browse the offers available at our retailers or search for a specific product. When you\'re ready to earn rewards, just click through to the retailer via our link and complete your purchase. You can shop by searching for Stores, Deals or Products. Every time you shop at any of our 4,000 retailers, you are rewarded for our generated sale through that vendor. Your shopping experience is simple- using the exact same website your favorite retailer provides, but allowing you to earn Cash Back benefits. Want additional discounts? We often offer additional coupon codes to copy and paste at checkout.',
            section3desc12: 'FamilyMint is an award-winning online money management and goal-setting application that offers an engaging way for kids to learn financial responsibility. It\'s easy for kids to use, lets them connect their money with real-world meaning, and most importantly, learn by doing. Your FES Protection Plan membership gives you access to the YFL\'s FamilyMint web and mobile interfaces, provides a quarterly financial newsletter "snippet" for kids, as well as detailed information on how to bring the FamilyMint workbook program to your child\'s classroom.',
            section3desc13: 'Lower your out-of-pocket prescription expenses, with discounts ranging from 10% to 85% on most medications. Present your membership card along with your prescriptions to your pharmacist and ask to compare our contracted discount price with the pharmacy\'s retail price when the prescription is processed. You pay the lower of the two prices directly to the pharmacy at the point of sale, regardless of promotions and discounts.',
            contactus: 'CONTACT US',
            location: 'OUR OFFICE LOCATION',
            sayhi: 'SAY HI'
          }
        } else if (val === 'es') {
          this.translateText = {
            section1h2: '',
            section1h3: '',
            section1h4: '',
            section2col1: '',
            section2col2: '',
            section2col3: '',
            section3h1: '',
            section3h2: '',
            section3title1: '',
            section3title2: '',
            section3title3: '',
            section3title4: '',
            section3title5: '',
            section3title6: '',
            section3title7: '',
            section3title8: '',
            section3title9: '',
            section3title10: '',
            section3title11: '',
            section3title12: '',
            section3title13: '',
            section3desc1: '',
            section3desc2: '',
            section3desc3: '',
            section3desc4: '',
            section3desc5: '',
            section3desc6: '',
            section3desc7: '',
            section3desc8: '',
            section3desc9: '',
            section3desc10: '',
            section3desc11: '',
            section3desc12: '',
            section3desc13: '',
            contactus: '',
            location: '',
            sayhi: ''
          }
        }